introducing X Tech's
HDV 600 series of high-definition video
scope inspection cameras designed for
use in practically any environment these
rugged waterproof and drop proof
industrial video scopes deliver images
and video with remarkable sharpness and
clarity the new cameras are designed to
be intuitive and easy to use for new and
experienced users alike X Tech's HDV 600
series offers users impressive
versatility with a range of options
designed to ensure the right scope for
the job without sacrificing upgrade
ability the HDV 600 main display unit
features a large 5.7 inch LCD monitor
the X Tech's large display coupled with
quality optics helps ensure you identify
the most minut features or defects
during inspections users can capture and
store nearly 15,000 images or up to 4
hours of video on an easy to transfer SD
memory card plus audio annotations can
be added to images helping to minimize
or eliminate paper note-taking air
gwanak grips with adjustable straps make
it easy to hold the display while
conducting inspections while the tilt
stand or tripod mount can be used to
stabilize the display on any job surface
users may attach a number of semi rigid
flexible and long length fiberglass
scopes directly to the display unit and
for expanded inspection capabilities
scope handsets are also available in the
HD v 600 series HD v 600 handsets are
available with wired connections to the
main display unit and also wireless
models for scope use up to 10 metres
away from the display articulated
controller handsets features 6
millimeter scopes and a large glove
friendly articulation control knob with
adjustable resistance with easy and
precise control of the 320 degree
articulated camera to the extech
handsets simplifies inspections of
detail intensive equipment articulated
scopes are available in 1 and 2 meter
lengths with rugged abrasion resistant
insertion tubes no two jobs are alike an
ex tech needs this challenge with
optical camera tips of varying diameters
including ultra compact 4 to 6
millimeter scopes for longer runs 25
millimeter scopes are coupled
ten and thirty meter long fiberglass
cables and to help brighten confined in
dark locations where exterior
illumination is limited or absent all
HDB's 600 camera tips are equipped with
bright and adjustable LED lighting X
Tech video scopes are made to last with
a durable design optimized for
challenging industrial locations and all
weather environments xx HDV 600 series
is one of the few video scopes to be
tested waterproof two eyepieces and drop
proof to 2 metres whether you are
confronted with stormy weather or a high
dust location or you accidentally drop
your video scope your X Tech continues
to perform for you the HD v 600 video
scope series is ideal for use in a range
of industries including industrial
processing and manufacturing aerospace
aviation aog and FBO heavy equipment
government law enforcement and security
power generation hvac building
inspection and commissioning and more XX
h DV video scope family offers a wide
range of handset optical and scope
length configurations ensuring you
select the best combination for your
requirements inspect more find more with
ex tech
you